my mission is simple to make you money
I'm here to level the playing field for
all investors there's always a bu Market
somewhere and I promise to help you find
it may money Starts
Now hey I'm Kramer welcome to M money
welcome to CR America other people want
to make friends I'm just trying to make
a little money my job's not just
entertain but to teach you so call me at
1800 743 CBC tweet me Jim Kramer in a
bull market there there's nothing worse
than watching the averages Roar higher
while your portfolio just sits there
barely moving it makes you feel like a
complete dope doesn't
it like the stock market must be some
sort of total shellgate but really it
just means you might be making a few
basic mistakes that's why tonight I'm
devoting the whole show to my playbook
for taking advantage of a short-term
rally not to be confused with a
so-called bare Market rally which is a
bogus term people throw around whenever
stocks go up at a time when the
intelligencia thinks they should be
going down yep I want to give you my
game plan for handling short-term gains
now I know what a lot of you are
thinking what kind of incompetent doist
needs a guide to make money and rally
what's next is Kramer going to draw us a
diagram explaining how to pick your nose
I mean man potty training uh should I
just start reading picture books to
Children hey we've already got the
animal sa effect effect and Reading
Rainbow has been off the air for more
than a decade maybe you feel like that
the that's the same level of difficulty
as making money when the stock market's
on
fire who needs help when the Dows up
hundreds of points in the day or even
better during a multi-day rally a real
run a bu Fest do you really need my
advice to help you deal with what a huge
profits no I'm not buying in that biggy
small story of investing More Money More
Problems but knowing how to approach a
quick run the right way can make you a
better investor and tonight I want to
teach you some of the discipline that we
demonstrate for the CC investing Club
all the time sure everybody makes money
in a big rally can even feel like you're
running your portfolio is running itself
does it does it feel like that but I'm
not here to talk about how to make the
most money possible when the Market's up
big honestly not that crucial no the
most important lesson for dealing with a
major short-term move higher is that you
always have to work hard to prepare
yourself for the future otherwise you'll
end up letting some great opportunities
to sell sell sell sell pass you by sell
that's right just as we can give into
despair when the Market's down you
simply don't want to give into Euphoria
and buy bye-bye when the Market's woring
that's not when you should buy it is
when you should be taking some chips off
the table remember you don't actually
have a profit until you sell something
you aren't making money until the
register is rough and the idea that you
should buy and hold through both the
best of times and the worst of times has
proven to be incredibly foolish with
only very few exceptions you need to use
strength to lighten up particularly on
stocks of companies with deter ating
fundamentals that's why I always insist
you do your stock homework because how
else will you know what to unload if you
don't want to do it yourself you know
what you can join our club the CNBC
investing club and we do a lot of
homework for you and with you why is it
so hard to sell the strength good
question let me put it this way nobody
wants to miss a rally if you sold every
stock you own right before a huge update
you'd feel like a stoe not even Larry
Curly or Mo I mean maybe the dreaded
Shimp let's look at it another way say
you're in stocks for the rally and you
have massive gains but you don't do
anything you let them ride so to speak
and then gradually or maybe not so
gradually your stocks come back down if
you hang on for too long if you let your
gains ride until they evaporate how is
that any different from missing the
entire rally it isn't making lots of
money on a great day or a great month or
great year is wonderful but you can't VI
a rally as just a day or a few days
where your portfolio went up and value
and nothing more you need to see it as a
time to take action even if you don't
fancy yourself a Trader and try at the
time in the market even if you're like
that and I encourage you to be like that
you have to make an exception for some
very good but sharp up rallies that's
what I'm talking about just you need to
remember the good days during the
sell-offs to keep yourself in the game
you need to remember the down days when
the Market's roaring to keep yourself
Tethered to reality don't pass up an
opportunity to trim your positions just
because you're in stocks for the long
huls and investor not a Trader I'm not
telling you to blow out of the positions
that's not what I'm saying I'm talking
about doing some
being an investor does not absolve you
of the need to have judgment in other
words you should approach every rally
with a grain of pessimism about what's
coming next that shouldn't be that hard
think about this think about like the
postco Meltdown in 2022 not many wanted
to sell in late 2021 it looked too great
right because we had an unbelievable
bull market where buying the dips made
you a fortune but then the FED declared
war on inflation and those gains
disappeared if you had sold stocks
gradually in the way up as I told you to
do you were in much better shape as the
market spent the next 11 months just
getting
obliterated there's nothing wrong with
feeling good about a r someone with with
some violent mood swings that are happen
to reaching for that cheap scotch lying
on a dirty lolium floor when you get
that really bad tape can tell you I
recognize the value of celebrating your
stocks when times are good Euphoria is
fine as long as it doesn't lead to
complacency complacency is your Nemesis
on a big up day you can be thrilled you
just don't don't forget that you're
getting a terrific opportunity to
lighten up with some of the stocks
that's what short-term Ries are for but
it's very easy to be swept away by the
positivity when the Market's up and
everybody's optimistic the last thing
people want to do is sell once you
believe in the market again when
everything seems wonderful how could you
ever want to sell a stock in theory we
all know we're supposed to buy low and
sell high but in practice that could be
a lot harder than it sounds this is why
we constantly teach you the discipline
of selling in a strength when you join
the club because we do it all the time
with the charel trust we peel some off
look I know the feeling you're sitting
there watching the Gams roll in and you
you feel like selling some stock would
be the most insane thing in the world
because what happens if the rally keeps
going doesn't matter we sell into
strength but we also never sell all at
once that way timing is less of an issue
take some off and if the rally holds up
well you can sell more later the name of
the game is preparation while there's no
real way to prepare for a rally other
than by owning stocks you can use a
rally to prepare yourself for potential
down days in the future it's a little
counterintuitive but it works the best
time to adjust your portfolio like that
is is when stocks are going hard not
when they're going lower think about
what you'll need if the market goes
south and consider what you can do for
your portfolio today the day of the
rally that you couldn't do yesterday the
simple answer is that you can sell part
of position and take advantage of higher
prices remember we never ever buy or
sell all at once that's not my style but
on big up days you can sell in larger
increments in the rest of the show I'm
going to go through the whole Mad Money
rally Playbook and explain what to sell
how to sell it and why you're selling it
but right now here's the bottom line
when the stock markets had a big short
term run shortterm don't get carried
away by the optimism instead keep your
head on straight check your emotions
focus on the longterm and think about
ringing the register especially on
stocks that might be getting too high
more on that later let's go to Michael
in Pennsylvania please
Michael hey Jim booah this is Michael
and Philly BBS um hey I'm looking to
sell my house uh for about
500,000 and I'm buying a new place for
about 350 okay and by the time I'm all
done I'm probably going to have
$100,000 to invest for my
retirement ter nothing that's terrific
I'm looking I'm looking to do what do I
do shortterm high growth and what do I
do long-term dividends like uh okay okay
now I now my tell you I am in a in a
different Camp from almost everybody
else I want to bet on my long-term life
I want to be able to say look I think
I'm going to live long the all the
longevity statistics very good I think
Larry f agrees me on this he's the great
CEO of Black Rock I think that you
should be buying the dividend stocks I'm
trying to urge you to not move into Cash
dividend stocks are a great way to
protect yourself try to pick ones that
are four 5% and I think you'll do very
well and you can do it yourself I know
you can build this Steve in Kansas
please
Steve booah Jim how you doing I am doing
well Steve how about you I'm great and
thanks for taking my call sure hey Jim
by the way Andy Reid says number three
this
year I love Andy Reid what can I say
coach Reed's the best coach Tammy Reed's
unbelievable what a great family how can
I help you so Jim uh I'm heading into
retirement at the end of this year and I
have been investing all my life I'm 100%
equities no bonds at the uh beginning of
2022 I moved about 40% of my portfolio
into value so I'm a a 6040 split split
growth value I've been been growth all
of my life for the most
part what is your opinion about uh
staying with that type of uh uh split
6040 funny Steve it is uh right in my
wheelhouse I would not do a thing I
think you're doing it right I was so
afraid that you're going to say I'm
thinking about switching 20 20% bonds
30% bonds look the short-term rates are
high I I get that but I like how you're
position because you're betting with
your life not against your life and
that's what I teach people to do all
right when the stock market's had a big
short-term Run please don't get carried
away by your optimism instead keep your
head on straight focus on the long term
but to also think about ringing the
register especially on stocks that might
be getting too high and I know you own
some that will be oh man Mone tonight
I'm giving you everything you need to
know about Market rallies with my Mad
Money rally Playbook I'll show you how
you can tell whether you're taking too
much risk when you should use rallies to
raise cash and the things you should
never do in a green tape so stay with
Kramer don't miss a second of Mad Money
follow at Jim Kramer on X have a
question tweet Kramer # mad mentions
send Jim an email to madmoney cnbc.com
or give us a call at 1
00743 CNBC miss something head to madm
money. cnbc.com
[Music]
people always want help when the market
sells off they want me to tell them what
to do to validate their fears when
stocks get hammered investors freak out
they Panic or at least they ver they
want to panic I think that's right I I
mean I obviously don't want you to pan
it but that's what people are doing many
don't know what what's going wrong few
can easily handle the trauma of big
losses and even the smartest operators
want some expert advice but after more
than four decades in this industry I
can't recall a single time when
someone's come up to me and plaintively
ask Jim the Market's rallying like crazy
what the heck do we do hey that's
unfortunate because just as you need a
Playbook to deal with declines like I
just
mentioned you also need a Ry Playbook a
guy that tells you what to do when the
Market's having a big shortterm run not
sell off but run I know the received
wisdom is that nobody wants to help with
a rally but you need to reject that idea
uh that people only need help when the
Market's lousy there are all kinds of
mistakes you can make when the stocks
are going higher in fact the rally
Playbook might be more important than
the selloff Playbook if only because so
few people think they need one so here's
my first rule for handling a rally
always be really really really tough on
your portfolio not just on the down days
but on the the big up days the only time
you should be harder on the stocks you
own is when you're in the midst of a
brutal decline with no end in sight and
the need to circle the wagons meaning
dump everything you aren't thrilled to
own and use the cash to short up your
positions in the stocks where you have
the most conviction obviously that's a
worst case scenario how exactly do you
get tough on your portfolio when you
need to give every one of your stocks
the harshest possible evaluation suspend
the benefit of the doubt assume
everything you own is guilty until
proven innocent focus on the worst
qualities of your Stu St emphasize the
downside make each and every company you
own prove to you that it's worth holding
all over again if this strikes you as
silly or even unfair to your fabulous
stocks allow me to explain please on a
good day or a good week you're ready to
fall in love with your positions because
theyve made you so much money that's
typical but it's also a mistake you can
love your spouse you can love your kids
you can love your pets I like one of
them you can love your country you can
even love your car just as long as you
don't become enamored with your stocks
silly pieces of paper that you bought
for the sole purpose of making money
they're not going to love you back in
fact when we're in the midst of a big
rally you really shouldn't give your
stocks too much credit for making you
money unless they dramatically
outperform the rest of the market yet
even then you need to give your stocks a
hard time when a stock makes you a
fortune the normal reaction is to like
that stock or like it more however think
about this most of the time you should
like it less for the simple reason the
stocks get more expensive when they go
higher during major market-wide rally
unless there's some serious value
enhancing good news your stocks become
pricier and therefore less desirable if
you didn't know them you know this right
when you look at it oh that Stock's up
too much for example no matter how much
you like Microsoft company and I do
Microsoft the stock is a lot more
attractive say at 250 than is it 350
correct in other words in the wake of a
big up move your entire portfolio just
got less attractive like I constantly
explain to members of the CNBC investing
club price matters and when a stock
price goes up the risk reward becomes
worse okay okay valuation makes it more
volatile you made money which is what
we're after but you can't let that
prejudice you in favor of any particular
stock just like Blackjack the cards have
no memory people while your stock may
have gone up when the market was roaring
that doesn't have much bearing on what
where it goes tomorrow does it the
second reason to get tough on your
portfolio during a rally is that you can
figure out which ones to sell and Sell
Hard I tell you to sell the strength all
the time but I recognize this idea is
totally contrary to Human Nature in a
rally everyone else is buying like crazy
you feel great about your stocks and you
certainly don't want to sell but you
have to because there's no better time
to sell than during a major short-term
move higher oh and by the way this
selling Doctrine applies to everything
even mutual funds if you have gigantic
short-term Gates it's okay to ring the
register on some of them I like that
again we all know this is true on some
level we know Buy Low sell high but
that's hard to execute in the moment you
have to though because the facts have
born it out out for years even as nobody
likes being told to sell a winning stock
into a smoking hot rally so how do you
fight your instincts how do you get to a
place where you can sell in spite of
your emotions simple just like I said
before you get tough in your portfolio
reevaluate your stocks and demand a lot
more for them than you normally would
especially since they're more expensive
than they were the day before cuz they
went up now I've got a very specific way
of grading my stocks that I've used
since by hedge fund days every week I
rank the stocks in my charal trust which
you can follow along with by joining the
CBC inves club which I urg you to do I
rank them from 1 to four ones are stocks
you would buy at their current price
twos are stocks you'd buy if they pulled
back free are stocks you'd sell at a
higher price and forer stocks well let's
say you don't want to take any action on
without more information period and when
it comes to this ranking system a rally
has a way of simplifying things prices
are up so the former ones stocks that
were worth buying at their current price
suddenly become twos stocks only worth
buying or pullback because most things
will have gotten too expensive get this
better to keep your powder dry wait for
a sell off down the road before you do
any more buying meanwhile a lot of your
three stocks that you wanted to sell in
the strength become four stocks you
don't want to take any action with that
more information now this is just a
preliminary approach to what you should
sell in a short-term rally I'm going to
give you more details later in the show
The reason we rank our stocks like this
is to keep our emotions in check we
accept we understand that we're frail
okay so we buy low and we sell High
instead of buying High just because it
feels good at that that moment most
people for reasons we don't have time to
go into out now at least really enjoy
buying stocks but see selling them as a
defeat but reading the register is not a
defeat when you're getting top dollar
prices during a juicy rally first though
you have to put yourself in the sell
mode and you start doing that by getting
tough on your portfolio bottom line
during a big up day and after don't get
Swept Away by Euphoria okay don't listen
to the Buy and Hold doctrine that says
it's not worth it if you actually want
to buy you know just book a little
profit on some merchandise because the
whole point of owning stocks is that
you're supposed to sell them when they
go higher to make money if the
fundamentals aren't changed if the
company hasn't improved then it might
have gotten too expensive as a stock
because of the route so in the Market's
roaring give your stocks a hard time
please hold them to a higher standard
and ring the darn register on some of
the stuff both of the names you like the
least and of course even the ones that
are up the most may have money's back
head for the break coming up want to
preserve those profits after a big rally
Kramer is revealing the next chapter of
his Playbook and how to build the most
important part of every Investor's
portfolio
next Boo yaah for the Emperor of crer
honorable James J Kramer you got me
jumping around my office right now thank
you so much for all you do for us I
enjoy your show and I find it very
entertaining and informative watched
your first ever episode of mad money
back in 2005 and I've been watching
every single episode ever since don't
miss mad money every night at 600 p.m.
Eastern plus join the CNBC investing
club and stick with Kramer Around the
Clock scan the code shop the tank
Tuesday's 9:00 Eastern
[Music]
CNBC tonight we're ding into the Mad
Money rally Playbook teach you the
disciplines that will let you take
maximum advantage of a big upd over and
over again I've been telling you that
short-term rallies are't opportunities
to sell sell sell not buy extoling the
virtues of something that may sound
really obvious but could be hard to put
into practice because it runs counter to
what our emotions say we should be doing
when stocks are roaring of course most
people don't like to hear about selling
stocks except when they're
panicked and they think the whole
world's falling apart then they want to
be given to sell as they want to sell
everything even though that's almost
always a mistake generally most
investors want to know about buying
especially what to buy but you know what
you should have a plan for selling every
single one of your stocks even the best
ones and you should make that plan
before you ever purchase them simply as
part of the process being a good
investor means knowing when to get out
and it's better to make those decisions
beforehand rather than waiting until the
Heat of the Moment of course we always
want things to stay and never have to
sell but you know what listen to me on
this this stocks of good companies can
get too expensive it happens all the
time in a big rally stocks of bad
companies also get too expensive but
it's easy to sell something when you
know it's bad isn't it much harder to
unload something you genuinely like for
legitimate reasons for example 2021 we
had a spectacular rally and fast growing
cloud-based software stocks the whole
group got too expensive but the
lowquality speculative names with no
earnings and the higher quality
established companies with great numbers
well they all went up and that includes
many Cramer faves like Salesforce and
service now they got too
hot and you had to sell them into
strength because after the FED declared
more on inflation the cloud software
cohort spent the next 11 months getting
more oh the profit ones held up a lot
better but their stock still got
eviscerated and you could have sidestep
much of that pain if you simply rang the
register on the way up now let me make
this clear selling into a rally is not
solely about turning a profit then and
there obviously we're looking to Buy Low
and sell high so a big up day or two
gives you a great chance to sell but the
best reason to take some profits or cut
your losses during a rally all boils
down to what I talked about at the
beginning of the show
preparation let me explain I believe you
should be prepared for the bad days down
the road maybe because I'm a glass half
empty kind of guy except of course when
I'm being a glass half full kind of guy
but mostly because the bad days are just
as inevitable as the good ones and and
what's the best time to get ready for
these inevitable down days how about
during or right after a big up day
that's the perfect moment to take
something off the table raise some cash
in other words a short-term rally is
your best opportunity to protect
yourself from potential downside trust
me you get the most mileage out of
preparing for the worst days on the best
days don't get me wrong that doesn't
mean you should sell everything into any
kind of strength that would be
self-defeating it doesn't mean you
should believe that all rallies are
ephemeral and not to be trusted you know
there's an army of strategists and
billionaire money managers and
commentators who are constantly eager to
convince you that every up move is
temporary or even a losery Alchemy they
want to scare you I am not one of
those I know that plenty of rallies have
staying power and and can take you
higher and higher in true Jackie Wilson
style perhaps without that Latin Casino
event you can believe in a rally and
still use a big update to take some
profits though that's how you get ready
for days in the future that likely won't
be good there's no cognitive dissonance
here we're just trying to balance the
concept of capital preservation the need
to keep your money secure with capital
appreciation they need to grow your
money both of these are pure necessities
and they're not always mutually
exclusive you use a rally to take a
profit so that when the market comes
back down you'll have cash on the
sidelines cash you can put to work
buying stocks that have been suddenly
put on sale so in a way the rally play
book is really an extension rally really
more of a prologue to the sell Playbook
we use the rally to stockpile everything
that we'll need in case things get bad
and one of those things is Cash glorious
cash yetep while I'm a citizen of the
United States I always pay my respects
to the one true king which is Cash
Playdoh cash is probably the single most
important part of your portfolio most of
the home Gamers I talk to do not know
this I hear from people all the time who
tell me they're fully invested meaning
every time of their money that's
earmarked for investing is pared in
stocks and whenever someone tells me
that they always think it's a good thing
cash my friends is what makes everything
else possible back in my old hedge fund
I would never ever have less than 5% of
my portfolio in cash and I try to get it
up to 10 if I could especially after a
nice run cash is flexibility when the
market pulls back give you an opening to
start a position in a stock you like or
to buy more of one you say you already
own you need to have some cash on the
sidelines in order to do your buying
otherwise you have to sell something you
already own on the fly or use margin
meaning borrow from your broker and
that's something I never recommend doing
it's too risky hey speaking of margin a
big rally gives you the best opportunity
to get off margin and start investing
like a sane person rather than someone
with a financial Death
Wish what's this got to do is responding
to a rally while we'd like to be heavily
invested with a little cash before the
rally trying to call one in advance is
too difficult but the best time to raise
cash which many of you absolutely must
do if you're fully invested and the rest
of you should want to do is right after
a giant move up this is why we always
have some cash in the the sidelines of
Trel trust here's how I think of it your
portfolio's cash position is like your
car's gas tank if you don't have at
least 5% cash then you're running on
empty and you better fill her up the
next time you get a chance to whenever
you sell to raise cash and we'll talk
about that after the break you'll get a
much better deal after a rally but
listen I'm not saying that rallies are a
great time to C go into all cash not at
all I'm saying I believe it's essential
to raise some cash during or after rally
emphasis on some really that's that's
the goal I don't care how much you like
your stock not selling something to
raise Cash When the Market's making it
easy for you is downright Reckless with
the chadel trust I've taken my cash
position at times up to around 20% when
I sense too much Euphoria when the
market eventually pulled back put that
swing cash back to work and stocks we
liked a lot more than the ones we
previously sold even so the quality of
companies you own isn't enough part of
the equation here it is part of it
actually it's the price of the stocks
that matter and some will get very
extended in every rally so trim them and
you can buy them back later lower with
the cash you raise from selling that's
the entire point the next time things go
sour you'll have that terrific pile of
cash you've hoard it up during the rally
you'll feel great you'll be able to buy
into weakness you won't feel hampered
like so many who don't do this this
isn't about getting a great deal people
it's about protecting yourself bottom
line the next time we get a big update
or two please I'm begging you use the
strength to raise some cash you might
not know it but without cash your
portfolio has zero flexibility and the
best time to raise cash is when the
market is on fire let's go to Dylan in
Virginia Dylan hello Mr Kramer thank you
for your time today as a student I'd be
grateful for any guidance you could
offer students like myself as I prepare
to enter the extremely competitive field
of High Finance thanks so much for your
advice all right
um work hard uh work harder than
everybody else if you see everyone's
coming in at seven come in at 6 they're
working at 6 come in at 5 be the last
personal leave okay I don't care what be
the last person look around if every if
anyone else is still there you stay
later that is what the bosses want to
see by the way do some work while you're
there I mean like you know I don't want
you playing solitire but work harder
than everybody else that's the secret
are the work from home
people Ron in South Carolina
Ron hey Jim how you doing boss I'm doing
well Ron how about you H as best can be
expected Hey I'm um I'm 70 years old I
have uh two retirement accounts rth and
IRA rollover okay couple years ago I
reduced my equities uh 100,000 in each
account and bought treasuries bought
30-day treasuries and so my treasuries
roll over every week I buy one they pay
me I buy one they pay me well I was
getting ready to start thinking about
getting into little more back in equity
okay but with all this hola going on
between the fed and everybody's
individual opinion I'm kind of uh little
bit on the
edge what kind of advice can you give me
okay Ron you are like many people in
this position which is that you kind of
believe that well that you're earning so
much money in your cash why should you
risk being in stock so here's what
you're going to do you're going to wait
till it's down 7 to 10% move before you
take off a quarter of your cash and put
in the market unless you get that
decline I don't want you to do anything
stay where you are let's go to Linda in
Illinois
Linda hello booah Jim Bo Linda what's
going on hey it's it's so wonderful to
talk to you listen I affectionately call
you Mr Magic Money Maker because
awesome listen thank you for your wisdom
and this is my question I'm a retired
postal employee who worked for 45 years
I have no Financial uh investment
knowledge I wanted to know how do I buy
stocks and I wanted to ask you should I
try to invest my uh drift Savings Plan
money in uh S&P index fund or
magnificent 7 or Nvidia or all Nvidia a
first of all you're sweet to to uh to
trust me I do want you to start with
your first $10,000 in an index fund you
will buy it this following way you will
put uh if you can if you can put a
couple hundred dollars to work each
month I don't want it in all at once
okay I don't if the market drops
extensively big more than 10% I want you
to take the month that you would have
bought uh 2 months from now and put it
to work with that current month that's
how you're going to get the best basis
stick by that discipline and don't go
any faster and then I'm confident you'll
get good prices and not feel like
somehow you got hurt I love Nvidia not
the right method of diversification when
you're facing a big update here's what I
want you to do I want you to use the
strength to raise a little cash you
might not know but without cash your
portfolio has zero zero flexibility and
the best time to raise cash is when the
market is on fire not when it's going
lower there's much more M money head you
probably think it's good when your
portfolio outperforms even on a big
Rally Day well guess what you'd be wrong
don't worry I'm explaining why plus I'm
taking all your burning Market questions
with my investing Club colleague Jeff
Marx so stay with
Kramer good evening Mr Kramer thank you
thank you for everything you do you've
been such a wonderful source of
information with your teachings I have
to say thanks thank you for all your
advice and saving us from ourselves your
advice let me quit a job that I hated I
love you to death thank you for
everything you do thanks for making us
money and more importantly thanks for
keeping us from losing
[Music]
money you're watching The Mad Money
rally Playbook where I'm teaching you
the best ways to take advantage of a
market that's up big over a short period
of time remember that's crucial just a
spike all right if you're just tuning in
I'm deeply wounded by the cold shoulder
you gave me when you you will willfully
chose not to watch me or at least watch
most of the show I know you did it as a
callous and sadistic attempt to hurt my
feelings congratulations it worked I
hope you're happy back to business most
of my rally Playbook has been about what
you can benefit do to benefit from
higher stock prices uh how you can use a
rally to set up for the inevitable rough
patches that the market runs into Sooner
or Later by raising cash and which
stocks you should sell in order to do it
the last part of my rally Playbook is a
little different it's not about what you
can do during or right after a rally
which we've already covered instead I
want to highlight what a major move hire
can teach you about your portfolio
because rallies are incredibly
Illuminating I'm not too worried about
anyone seriously underperforming the
averages on a big up day because that's
something you can easily study and fix
by getting more exposure to the sectors
that were up the most no what should get
you truly concerned is watching your
stocks dramatically outperform the
average dramatically out that's the key
word uh in Market wide value you heard
me right making too much money on a
given day can be a problem or at least a
red flag a situation where your gains
are trying to warn you about something
it's very counterintuitive but bear with
me the warning is very simple when your
portfolio leaves the averages in the
dust on a day when the Market's ring it
means you're taking on way too much risk
with your portfolio I know I don't
strike many of you as as most
conservative investor around I get that
and the fact that I do this show every
day even though it probably doubles my
odds of a heart condition doesn't help
my case but taking an unnecessary risk
in your portfolio makes absolutely no
sense and watching how your stocks move
in a market-wide rally is a trific way
to figure out if perhaps you're taking
on needless risk say the rally comes and
you make much more than the averages the
question is why were you using margin
borrowing money from your broker to get
that extra bit of Leverage that will
help you crush the average in rally but
will also get you
crushed by your losses in a selloff
that's just not worth it people what
else could cause your portfolio
dramatically out for the benchmarks in a
powerful Market wide rally well it could
be because you're not Diversified enough
that's a way to make boatloads of money
in a short frame time frame let's say
the rally led by is led by Tech okay and
your portfolio is 50% Tech you'd be a
big winner right for a day or two but
those gains are ephemeral they won't
last not only that but the outsid
profits are a huge warning screaming at
you to sell your darn Tech positions
maybe trim them back at least and maybe
call me up and play am my diversify if
you're not Diversified if you're keeping
all of your sock eggs in one basket then
you could get wiped out in a heartbeat
just ask all the investors who loaded up
on cloud software stocks or electric
vehicle plays before they Peak to
November of 2021 those people then got
blown out the whole business they just
got out with massive losses they
couldn't take it they were all beating
the stuffings out of the benchmarks in
late 2020 in the book of 2021 they were
making too much money that's right too
much money just like Tech investors for
the dotcom bubble burst in 2000 if they
pay attention to this rule something we
remind you of constantly if you happen
to be a member of the CBC investing Club
then they might have been able to avoid
the damage from the Hideous Tech losses
in 2022 they could have adjusted their
Holdings and lightened up on their
biggest winners so that no single sector
made up more than 20% of the portfolio
so let me give you the bottom line here
the best time to figure out if you're
making too much money meaning you're
taking on a dangerous amount of risk is
during a big market-wide Rally use these
runs as diagnostic tests to see if your
portfolio has too little diversification
and too much risk or if it's AOK may
have M to be right back coming up have a
fear of missing out Kramer is giving you
his guide book on how to keep those
emotions in check after a big run for
the market next
boyim I love you man I've been watching
you from day one thank you for all the
wonderful advice that you provide us I'm
learning so much watching your show
watch your program every day I love it
always wanted to say booah on your show
thank you for being the greatest in the
world we consider you the money market
maker and we thank you for all you do I
love your show a long time fans your
show and we think it's the most
entertaining program on TV
[Music]
like I've been saying all night you may
not think you need your need help at all
when the market seems to be
levitating but in reality you probably
do when stocks go up especially when
they're a big people get emotional and
emotions make us bad investors period
always does and that's why the Mad Money
rally Playbook is all about helping you
combat your intuitive emotional
reactions so you can make sound rational
Decisions by the way we teach this
discipline same discipline in more
detail to members of the CBC investing
Club every single day as we manage the
travel trust remember when you catch a
big update that's a selling opportunity
all right well you you want to use it to
unload some of your best performers
along with your laggers and the stocks
you wanted to get rid of anyway also you
can raise some cash for a r day that's
the most important thing to keep in mind
after major move higher which brings me
to my final rally rule at a moment when
raising cash is essential spending cash
is absolutely prohibited after a big
one-day move I know you're going to be
tempted to buy some stocks the next day
I know this big up days make us more
bullish investors love to chase rallies
the same way dogs like to chase cars
when your last experience in the market
was having practically all your stocks
produce huge gains of course you're
going to feel like buying but that's
another case where your feelings are
leading you astray from good investing
do not buy stocks after the averagers
have just spiked don't chase be smarter
than a dog I want you to take advantage
of rallies but when you buy stocks the
day after that the ones day after they
just got marked up big you're letting
the rally take advantage of you I know
you're doing this too I I read it on X
forly Twitter at Jim crer all day after
every big rally and that's when people
are just most excited that's when they
want to open their wallets and start
chasing stocks don't do it I know this
sounds like common sense something any
clown could figure out say nothing of
Kramer fave Bozo but I don't waste your
time on the show of course you know it's
silly to buy the day after a rally or
after stocks just had a used run you
know it right up until the moment when
you get Swept Away by your Euphoria
which is a mistake we all make including
your truly that's why you need a
Playbook you need rules to prevent
yourself from getting swept away and
making mistakes that you that you're
obviously going to regret later on so
please if you want to buy a stock and
the Market's just had a remarkable run
do me a favor and tell yourself you
missed it just say ah darn it I missed
it and take a pass or at least the very
least at the very least keep your bat on
your shoulder and wait for a better
pitch at a cheaper price it's the
smartest thing you can do in that
situation and it could save you a lot of
pain down the road here's the bottom
line I always tell you to buy into
weakness and sell into strength but that
really means you need to sell some of
your winners the moment when they're at
their hottest and you probably shouldn't
buy anything when the market feels like
it's fire if you do your new stock picks
will likely be consumed in the aftermath
of that fire and you want have much to
show for all that hard one money that
went up in
Sp
[Music]
stick Jim Kramer the Die Hard of the
dollar hey Jimmy love the show my
5-year-old grandson loves to watch your
show I have to thank you for making us
money when it's there to be made our
world is a better place with you in it
[Music]
[Music]
throughout this entire show tonight
you've heard me explain to you how to
protect and play your portfolio in a
bull market I love to teach my viewers
but I also love learning from them which
is why always say my favorite part of
the show is taking questions directly
from you tonight I'm joined by Jeff
marks my portfolio anos and port and yes
partner in crime the CNBC investing club
and we're going to answer some of your
burning questions we also give you a
little inside look at what we do in the
club if you're not a member of the club
you can just scan the code or C to
cnbc.com investing Club to sign up I
hope you do let's take our first
question
Jeff all right first up we've got oh
when do you recommend investing in an
IPO now this one Jeff I'm going to let
you handle because uh there's nothing
harder yeah look I I think if you can
get in on the deal that's always
preferred right but if you are trying to
uh invest in a new IPO just make sure
that the valuation isn't completely out
of whack with some other companies in
its peer group one more consideration
lockups always something to be mindful
of
when a company becomes public often
times uh the uh the employees of the
company the major shareholders they are
restricted from selling stock once they
become unrestricted sometimes they'll
unload their shares right away that
could create pressure on the stock so
just be mindful of lockups because if
you're a little bit patient it may lead
to a better price right I want to do
first you have to understand that I get
very enthusiastic and Jeff us a check on
me we what all the time what happens is
so many these IPOs are so exciting but
that should never dictate why you buy
something excitement doesn't count next
up Andy in California hi Jim can you
please explain how investors should view
a gap or non-gaap earnings thank you
this very complicated but let's suffice
it to say that I like better known as
traditionally uh generally accepted
accounting principle numbers in other
words I don't want to hear fancy ways to
make earnings when there is a
traditional way that I learned in EN
counting and you learn too sure let's
not fool around Gap is gold standard I
mean at times it is helpful to look at
nonap because they'll exclude some
onetime items that maybe uh doesn't give
you a great Apples to Apples comparison
of earnings but sometimes we know
management teams they like to take a
very liberal view of those non-gap
earnings so you have to be careful
sometimes around them right and we don't
share the notion of liberal view we we
there's so many companies out there that
have straightforward accounting why
reach to someone that doesn't and why
don't we go to Todd Minnesota who ask
concerning when to buy does it only
buying SL adding to a stock when it's
below basis dogmatically ensure we miss
all momentum runs and only participate
in downturns I missed out on used runs
in the fall because I hesitated to add
to partial position this is an an art
not a science sir and what happens Todd
is that we end up yes we're going to
miss some that's absolutely true but we
care more about the downside if we stop
the downside if we protect against the
downside the upside is going to take
care of itself s it is painful for me
sometimes and we've talked many times
about how we refuse to violate basis uh
and this is something we fight every day
too too thin nail but the fact is we
have proven evidence that we've saved
more money than than we would have been
yeah look I'd like to apply a strict
interpretation when you're just putting
a position on uh over those first couple
weeks maybe months only because you
never know uh what curveball the market
May throw at you uh in that case just
being a little bit patient saves you but
in terms of when to violate well if you
if you've been owning the stock for a
while and you've had a lot of good news
come well then it's just a better
company than from where you first
started buying it so uh that could that
could cut towards way to look at it a
great way I know that there'll be
situations that are missed but you just
heard why we have to stick to our
discipline next up we have a question
from Karen in New York who asks how do
we find the RSI and is a reliable
indicator for making investment
decisions you know this is great this
relative strength index I do like to
look at it but I'm not wetted to it uh
and we can find it in various different
places I don't know I tend to just look
at the chart myself yeah look you can
find it on your trading platform keep in
mind RSI uh it could signal when a stock
may be overbought or oversold but
overbought doesn't necessarily mean sell
and oversold doesn't necessarily always
mean buy at the end of the day the
fundamentals are what matter most and if
a stock is oversold for a long time it
could signal that something is
fundamentally WR very true and we're
looking for entry point it's it's a tool
again what I find most important about
entry point is whether I'm buying it
expensively or less expensively and as
far as I'm concerned RSI it's just
another arrow in the quiver but not the
most important one I like to say there's
always a bull market somewhere and I
promise TR to find it just for you right
here on M money I'm Jim Kramer see you
next
time all opinions expressed by Jim
Kramer on this podcast are solely
Kramer's opinions and do not reflect the
opinions of CNBC NBC Universal or their
parent company or Affiliates and may
have been previously disseminated by
Kramer on television radio internet or
another medium you should not treat any
opinion expressed by Jim Kramer as a
specific inducement to make a particular
investment or follow a particular
strategy but only as an expression of
his opinion Kramer's opinions are based
upon information he considers reliable
but neither CNBC nor its Affiliates and
or subsidiaries warrant its completeness
or accuracy and it should not be relied
upon as such to view the full Mad Money
disc claer please visit cnbc.com
madmoney disclaimer