[Music]
my mission is simple to make you money
I'm here to level the playing field for
all investors there's always a bu Market
somewhere and I promise to help you find
it Mad Money Starts
Now hey I'm Kramer welcome to M money
welcome to KR I people make friends I'm
just trying to make you a little money
my job is not just to entertain but to
explain and educate so call me 1800 743
CBC tweet me at Jim in this market every
time you trade too far from technology
especially the tech Titans you
ultimately get slapped in the face by
reality and that's what happened today
when the largest and arguably best
performing Bank in the world JP Morgan
laid a huge egg with its forecast tell
you that the estimates are too high
maybe way too high that spoiled big
chunk of the market ultimately dipping
93 points S&B inching up point5 45% but
the tech happy NASDAQ still gaining 84 %
for the past couple months ever since
the FED gave us the all clear signal
we've been seeing money flow out of tech
into long neglected regions of the stock
market this is the Fable broadening out
that people spent all year clamoring for
when we bring in more groups of winners
supposed to have a much healthier Market
at least that's what they say there are
tons of financials in the sp500 about
133% of the index and the strength in
those stocks was a source of much mirth
for everyone who gotten sick of The
Magnificent
s but a Funny Thing Happened on the Way
to that broaden out Market we got
economic
choppiness or to use some more accurate
phrase we got guide
Downs that were intolerable to any of
the leaders and the kiss of death to the
stock of JP Morgan you can't be a leader
when you're slashing your forecast for
heav S that's when the shareholders kick
you to the curb and find someone new to
follow but today Daniel Pinto JP
Morgan's President Chief Operating
Officer lowered the boom on the Optimus
who desperately wanted to buy something
other than tag the big Bank told us that
things are less bu than we'
thought there isn't as much Capital
markets activity as we had hoped this
quarter and most important the estimates
for next year are too high because of a
likely miss on net interest income the
key metric for the banks one that
analysts expect to be good when rates
are coming down in short JP Morgan is
going to miss the numbers next year if
the bcal of Finance can't make the
estimates how the heck will anyone else
so the stock comes down 5% one point
even uglier and the rest of the banks
they roll over it gets worse last year
Pinto said the company was slated to
spend between one and two billion on
Tech this year JP Morgan spending 2
billion but a lot of that's related to
cracking down on fraud great that's a
dead weight loss for the bank a must
spend with no real return on investment
There's an opportunity for AI to help
them cut cost especially the 100,000 to
250,000 people in call centers or doing
other back office jobs what he calls
operational things now many of these
people will be quote impacted which I
guess is code for laid off the rest will
be what he calls operational
efficiencies getting more productivity
from the same people the good news here
is that at least JP Morgan will have
lower some some lower expenses over the
next three to five years given that
everything that's going the wrong way
here though maybe someday at some moment
there'll actually be a return on
investment on AI but you can't just say
that out loud because it would require
admitting that lots of Deadwood is about
to get chopped and Deadwood is of course
people Wall Street used to actually say
stuff like that but these days we're all
coming up with cleaner more indirect
eism hey we don't do layoffs anymore we
we find efficiency we right size the
Workforce Now is it just JP Morgan no
another Financial that became a truly
visible leader Goldman Sachs my my Alam
moer told us yesterday that his Capital
markets business will be down
10% ouch we thought it was only going to
be down uh 6.6% that's a huge Delta as
we call on Wall Street let me translate
business isn't nearly as good as we
thought so scrap your numbers now let's
go back to the recently shun sector the
BET Noir of this Market let's go back to
technology Oracle once a slow growth
Enterprise software business just
reported a truly blowout quar these guys
pivoted a couple of years ago with
founder Larry Ellison possibly the most
competitive man on Earth talking about
building lots of data centers to house
all that Nidia equipment that the
hyperscalers can't get enough of the
project stalled a bit but now he and CEO
saats another incredibly competitive
person and a Dynamo have built 162 data
centers and they're just crushing it as
each data center is incrementally
positive guess what that's not enough he
wants to build maybe a thousand maybe
2,000 more data centers because that's
how many are needed and Oracle data Cent
is one the best security and low cost
and the least mistakes we know that they
won't make mistakes because the company
Staffing these monsters with nothing but
machines each one will make more money
and the bigger they get the higher the
earnings will go and that's why that
stock shot up 11% technology 11% hey
Contra Oracle with the debacle over JP
Moran There's No Business JP morg could
throw money at to produce such a huge
return as Oracle can the banking
business will remain Hostage to the
economy forc to having raised a thin
margins thanks to all the competition
Oracle on the other hand is AR in
control of its own destiny when the
conference School Ellison gave you a
classic AI use case that represents the
future listen to this quote I was in
Stanford with my my son one time and it
took three people three different
positions to actually be able to find
his
x-rays but contrast he says this is how
you find the x-rays for Larry Ellison
you say Oracle please show me Larry
Ellison's in latest x-rays it's voice
interface you look at the computer and
it knows you're the doctor and you're
authorized to look at all the author
ation is done with AI all of cerer is
the monetization end quote now you don't
have to worry about logging on you just
look at the computer and recognize your
face or your voice it knows what you're
authorized to look at all the
authorizations done with ai's Oracle
that's this cner arm and but basically
that was an advertisement for CERN in
the call but it sure made a lot of sense
I think that's a multiple hundred
billion dollar opportunity with the
terrific returnal investment for
companies that adopt the system not just
for healthcare but for everything now
Oracle makes for a great leader because
anything connected to the data center
has tremendous pin
action everything from Nvidia semis oh
people keep talking about Nvidia slowing
I mean you're just bored by Nvidia admit
or you're jealous of it because it's not
either of those it's not slowing it's
growing so Nvidia semis to bricks and
mor to Cooling and backup power to
broadcom never equipment you see that
stock starting to come back now I told
you and let's not forget all the
electrical infrastructure we need to
power these things the different for
data centers and their construction will
be with us for multiple years that's
what Ellison told us I never bet against
Ellison they had nothing to do with J
pal and his Murray brand of Band of uh
open marketeers decided next week's
meeting we don't have to play an
interest rate guessing game with tech
because the FED is tangential the data
centers will get built where rates are
at 6% or zero bottom line that's how a
stock like Oracle that's up even more
than JP Morgan Year date could hit a 52
week high today while JP Morgan stock
plunge it's how you get leadership you
can Bank on and I don't use that for a
Bly you simply can't Bank on the bank
stocks right now hence why the great
bordering out is indeed fraught with
risk meanwhile Tech may be torturous to
own on a day-to-day basis but long term
it's a cornucopia of rewards House of
pleasure Bill a Massachusetts Bill hi
Jim thanks for taking my call of
course uh I I the pullback in Goldman
Sach you think that's a buying
opportunity I want to wait till numbers
come down from others I was a little
surprised that Goldman didn't see more
Capital markets I got to tell you David
Faber I we're talking about where are
the IPOs wa it's September for where are
the m&a I think that maybe the election
has everything froze but that means
Goldman Stock's numbers are too high and
therefore I don't want to make a big
commitment to the stock right here even
though I love the company John in
Georgia
John uh first of all uh Jim a good a big
booyaah to you I like that and I give
one back to
you and did I I wanted to check on the
company called uh uh Vista stock symbol
V I don't know I have Miguel's hat right
on my desk I'm liking him a lot that's
galucho he's the CEO he's IND CS that is
one of the few energy companies that are
holding up that's it if oil plunges
below 65 even that one is not immune
okay listen to me the great broadening
might hold just as much risk as the tech
trade long-term at least Tech is a
cornicopia of rewards May money tonight
freshens invest today in I'm hearing
about Campbell's plan for growth
including a name change by the way with
the co and we know that snacking is a
tough corner of the market and amid the
rise of GOP T ones where does mle stand
in the sector boy I'd like them to come
on the show I'm doing a deep dive and
giving you my take and up nearly 130% in
the last year could the stock of Wing
Stop continue to fly I've got the
exclusive so stay with
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Kramer don't miss a second of Mad Money
follow at Jim Kramer on X have a
question tweet Kramer # mad mentions
send Jim an email to madmoney at
cnbc.com or give us a call at 1800 743
CNBC miss something head to Mad money.
cnbc.com
[Music]
[Music]
over the past year the sock and Campbell
Soup had great run but can it keep
running today Campbell Soup hosted a
huge investor day in New York City
management introduced some long-term
Financial targets 2 to 3% organic Sal
growth 79% earnings per share growth
well these aren't exactly blowout
numbers if you're in a tech stock
they're pretty darn good for a package
food play oh and guess what they're
changing the name no more soup it's just
the Campbell company starting later this
year my one wor here is this kind of
stock tends to go out of style when the
FED starts cutting interest rates so do
you have to put on your shopping list
can you buy it now let's take a closer
look with Mark CL he's the president Co
of Campbell suit Mr CL welcome back to M
Money Jim it's always great to be with
you well Mark I am so thrilled that
you're here and it is very clear that
this is a new Campbell I'm going to use
that I know it doesn't happen the end of
the year but why don't you tell people
what that means cuz you and I are close
to the situation maybe some people
coming to it now and not realizing that
this is not the old Campbell's Pork and
Beans I hope you change that symbol too
CBB so look uh Jim I I have to say and I
don't want to sound too corny here but
when I joined the company six years ago
this was really the day I imagined and
yes we've navigated Global pandemic some
inflation a little bit of economic
uncertainty but we're at a point right
now where I think we're ready to turn
the page to the next chapter right
appropriately so we talked a lot about
riding the ship and turning around and
stabilizing the business and reshaping
the portfolio all of those were
important steps in our journey but as we
sit here today I really believe we've
got the most advantaged portfolio in
food we've completely retooled our
capabilities and our execution and we've
been able to deliver results
consistently over these last several
years and that puts us in a position to
reframe our objective and Mission from
turnaround to really setting the
standard in the food industry well then
will you please do me a favor and stop
talking about the term algorithm because
we've got a lot of investors at home who
are Bedrock investors they don't know
what that is they just want to go and
buy your stock cuz it's doing well cuz
you're doing well can you explain to
people why we s have algorithm why don't
we just talk about growth yeah look that
that's the name of the game right we
know that the role for Campbell and
what's so important to us is to be able
to create a Dependable reliable growth
driven name in the industry and that's
what we're doing and so you know when we
talk about you know all the the the
variable metrics that are out there it's
all born of a couple key things one
growth that's sustainable that we can
drive across our portfolio great
opportunities to continue to find ways
to expand our margin and ultimately
driving earning
in a very consistent way that investors
are able to depend on now did you know
how quickly raos would turn out to be
something that would be steady and
growth because I a lot of people felt
you overpaid the day not me because I go
to ra I used to go to rail as much can't
get to the table anymore but I use the
sauce you knew but did you know it could
be this good this fast yeah so clearly
we had hoped and and expected it to do
very well but I have to say really
across every metric that we look at we
are ahead of the game um this is as
strong and as good of an acquisition as
I've ever been part of and it's really a
testament to one the Fantastic people
that were leading and driving SOS
business and the quality and the
consistency of the brands that are part
of this portfolio and so you know and
the great news is Jim we're not done yet
with it there are so many opportunities
to continue to drive this business we
believe it can be an everyday Staple in
households Across America and when we
look at the runway ahead whether it's
brand awareness whether it's Innovation
and portfolio expansion we just see a
variety of ways to keep pushing and
driving this momentum on the business
right so Mark explain to me what
happened for years and years we knew
that the center of the store was a dead
zone and you wanted to be in the
perimeter when I read your excellent
deck that I want everybody to read
before they buy the stock it is so clear
7% growth in the center compound how did
that happen because you are very much
part of the center yeah look the the the
center store is it's a great time to be
in our meals and beverages categories I
love snacking but I actually love the
fact that we've got this this portfolio
of very diverse but focused brands that
allow us to play both in the higher
growth more historical growing snacks
businesses but in this return to center
of store we're perfectly positioned
because what's driving it is the things
that consumers need most right now it is
value um it is uh quality and
consistency the shift back to inhome
meals and inhome cooking have never been
higher in recent years and when you
think of our portfolio whether it's soup
and broth or pasta sauces across the
board we're bringing those solution to
Consumers and I think this is a trend
that's just not a covid phenomena now
this is a trend that is sustaining and
been very resilient through a variety of
different economic environments and
that's what I love about our portfolio
we have a lot of ways to win in a lot of
different categories and a lot of
different economic environment how did
you know that sauce was going to be the
where America was going well look I I
think as we all know in the world of
trying to to manage this variety of
challenges our consumers are faced right
now right economic pressure convenience
and time being is among their very most
important uh assets the traditional
Italian dinner at home has always been a
Mainstay and now it's become even more
profoundly important and with the
quality that we're bringing in both the
combination of a prgo kind of everyday
mainstream and then a roo sauce um that
everyone said look at $8 or $9 a jar no
way that's becoming every day but when I
compare that to a mediocre Italian
dinner you're getting on door dash for
$30 and I think about what I get with a
reos dinner this is a tremendous value
and we're seeing it growing across every
demographic of the consumer base and so
I think sauce really kind of checks
every box that consumers are looking for
right now well look I've got to tell you
uh the one thing that we are asking for
is that we all in the office genuinely
believe that your that your chips your
crisps that you can do much more with
the with wi with the Mexican side of
things where are you there because I
know that that throughout your
presentation it's Italian it's Mexican
it's soup I think you can do much more
with Mexican I think you can own that
category CU you're very good at price
and you're very tasty yeah so I I
completely agree with you Jim this is an
area that when I think about analoges to
what we've seen in the Italian sector
where you've got premium brands that are
really elevating experiences as well as
everyday Dependable mainstream players
we're really perfectly positioned to do
that as it relates to Mexican sauces if
you think about pace which is a brand
that's iconic been around very
dependable our expansion from salsa the
things like cooking sauces and taco
sauces have been very successful we just
launched Late
July love that's what everyone loves and
that brand which is built on clean
ingredient label organic ingredients
being brought into the Mexican Center of
store space as it relates to salsa and
saes we think is going to be the next
opportunity to create this two-headed
kind of beast in that category around
more premium along with more mainstream
so I'm with you I think this is a great
opportunity uh for additional growth for
us well I think the people don't know
you own it they should know it they
should know what portfolio you own how
You' pruned it how you've made the
balance sheet better uh great dividen
Mark you have done a fabulous job Mark
CL president Co of Campbell thank you so
much Mark thanks Jim appreciate it may
money's back after the
[Music]
break coming up snacks bite back how one
stock is making the bears eat their
words next
[Music]
[Music]
what do we do with one of my favorite
stock the stock Wing Stop the largest
fast casual chicken wing contain on
Earth this longtime Cramer fave reported
a strong quarter at the end of July
clean top and bottom line beat with a
spectacular 28% I'm going to say it
again 28% domestic same store sales
growth yet the stock barely budget
response stock wrong of course it's
rallied bit since then but let's not
forget Wing Stop's up more than 130% %
over the past 12 months that said the
stocks almost Su it's down almost 12%
from its all-time highs in June so pay
attention let's check it with Michael
skith he's the presidency of Wing Stop
get a better read in the situation Mr
skiber welcome back to M Mone hey Jim
thanks for having me Michael there are
many CEOs who sat right there and I
would take them to task if they started
their conference call saying our second
quarter results were truly remarkable
with you it was actually an
understatement Jim we believe we operate
in a category of one we have a strategy
that we're executing against that's
proven and actually that 28% was almost
entirely driven by transaction growth
not price not price that's right
transaction growth and it really speaks
to the opportunity we have it was just a
few years ago we set a target of growing
our average unit volume to $2 million
over that threeyear period or so we're
up over 40% in same store sales growth
again almost entirely transaction growth
yet when we think about opportunities
brand awareness we're still one of the
biggest brands no one's heard of and we
have a huge opportunity to drive
awareness which we believe along with
the other strategies we're executed
against gives us line of sight to going
from $2 million average unit volume
today to over $3 million no I see the
size of your stores we got them all over
in New York now those stores I would
think would be a million dollar
generator what's going on inside them
Jim our average unit volume is 2 million
but believe it or not 10% of our system
is is doing over $3 million today crazy
how many people work inside a wing stop
at any given shift you can run a Wing
Stop with as few as four team members
there's actually a point in time where
the sales volumes go up and you don't
have to add any more labor and you
actually start to get leverage on that
line and the unit economics get stronger
and I think that's what's leading to a
record pipeline of sold restaurant
commitments and we're at just over 2,000
restaurants in the US 300 outside of the
us but the progress we're making the
white space in front of us we just
updated our long-term Target for in the
US to over triple our footprint to over
6,000 years last time I saw you it was
4,000 that's right now how much is this
I'd say heavy rotation that I saw cuz I
watched too much football ads this
weekend Jim it's a big part of our
strategy we believe we have a huge
opportunity to close that Gap in brand
awareness to other National Brands it's
a doubl digigit meaningful Gap and that
28% comp we talked about earlier if we
look at our brand awareness just a
couple a year before we only moved at a
few percentage points so a ton of Runway
and so our system sales are growing at
record levels and that's increasing our
national ad fund and allowing us to show
up in a big way on NFL and chip away at
that opportunity well also I think that
you're doing something that I think the
maybe it may be SOI bear with me but
when you go to a wing stop it doesn't
seem to be any more expensive than it
was 5 years ago you go to a let's say a
place where you get like a happier meal
uh and it's like doubled so what are you
how can you get away with not raising
price Jim we've been very disciplined
around pricing and that's paying
dividends today and our approach to
pricing it's one that's based on a lot
of consumer research we stay close to
this consumer understand how they're
feeling how much they're spending how
they're dining out and we're trying to
win our fair share and we do think this
is a very unique opportunity for Wing
Stop where consumer behaviors have
clearly shifted they're not willing to
pay up for fast food qsr food and
they're looking for Value but it's not
just the menu price it also has to do
with quality and so when they learn of
Wing Stop and try that cook to order
hand Sauced and tossed chicken wing we
win them every time okay so let's go
over uh the possibility of what you can
do internationally I remember when uh I
had uh popey Zone and it turned out that
there are these countries that just
crave our stuff they didn't really know
it they didn't know how to develop it
later on they figured it out this has
got to fly in a lot of different
countries yeah we're in 10 countries
outside of the US today and we're just
getting started there one of our more
mature or established markets is in the
UK Jim where I think a lot of other
Brands haven't found success no and
Wingstop is thriving we're actually at
50 units in that market and we're
generating average unit volumes that are
in excess of what we see here in the US
and the unit economics are just as
strong now you have UK operators there I
mean because I would think that the only
people would know how to do this are
Americans that's clearly not true we do
we have a great team in the UK who has
really leaned into our strategy executed
our Playbook and the brand is thriving
in the UK Market your research must show
that people are also as much as they
love this they're fed up with the other
guys aren't they they're fed up with the
prices that look double what they were
three years ago you can see it in their
behavior and I think you see you hear a
lot of other brands talk about it and
they're being more Discerning with how
they spend those dining out dollars and
we know that if we deliver on that
quality and value that they're looking
for we're going to continue to win our
fair share okay one last question is it
possible that the other guys just
thought there was they could charge
whatever price they wanted almost
contempt to the average American it
could be because there was a lot of
money that was being pumped into the
economy into the consumer's bank account
and so they weren't having to be as
disciplined as they are today as
inflation has settled into the levels
where it is today and thankful for Wing
Stop we stay disciplined in our approach
to pricing and we think it's paying
dividends yeah they got to get off their
flywheel of constantly raising price to
meet wall Street's numbers you do the
opposite and that is why your stock down
a couple of bucks from its high it's the
first time I've seen you when it wasn't
at the 52 week high so people are
getting an opportunity to buy the stock
of Wingstop I want to thank Michael
skipworth president Co of Wingstop who
has done everything he has ever promised
on this show and more because he offers
value and taste thank you Michael thanks
Jim May M's back there for the
[Music]
break coming up hit us with your best
shot an electrified fast fire lightning
round is
[Music]
[Music]
next what do we do with one of my
favorite stock the stock of Wing Stop
the largest fast casual chicken wing
contain on Earth this longtime Cramer
fave reported a strong quarter at the
end of July clean top and bottom line be
with a spectacular 28% I'm going to say
it again 28% domestic same store sales
growth yet the stock barely budg you
respond stock wrong of course it's
rallied bit since then but let's not
forget Wing Stop's up more than 130%
over the past 12 months that said the
stocks almost so it's down almost 12%
from its all-time highs in June so pay
attention let's check in with Michael
skiber he's the presiden to of Wing Stop
get a better read in the situation Mr
skiber welcome back to M Mone hey Jim
thanks for having me Michael there are
many CEOs who sat right there and I
would take them to task if they started
their conference call saying our second
quarter results were truly remarkable
with you it was actually an
understatement Jim we believe we operate
in a category of one we have a strategy
that we're executing against that's
proven and actually that 28% was almost
entirely driven by transaction growth
not price not price that's right
transaction growth and it really speaks
to the opportunity we have it was just a
few years ago we set a target of growing
our average unit volume to $2 million
over that 3-year period or so we're up
over 40% in same store sales growth
again almost entirely transaction growth
yet when we think about opportunities
like brand awareness we're still one of
the biggest brands no one's heard of and
we have a huge opportunity to drive
awareness which we believe along with
the other strategies we're executed
against gives us line of sight to going
from $2 million average unit volume
today to over $3 million no I see the
size of your stores we got them all over
in New York now those stores I would
think would be a million dollar
generator what's going on inside them
Jim our average unit volumes 2 million
but believe it or not 10% of our system
is doing over $3 million today crazy how
many people work inside a wing stop at
any given shift you can run a Wing Stop
with as few as four team members there's
actually a point in time where sales
volumes go up and you don't have to add
any more labor and you actually start to
get leverage on that line and the unit
economics get stronger and I think
that's what's leading to a record
pipeline of sold restaurant commitments
and we're at just over 2,000 restaurants
in the US 300 outside of the US but the
progress we're making the white space in
front of us we just updated our
long-term Target for in the US to over
triple our footprint to over 6,000 years
last time I saw you it was 4,000 that's
right now how much is this I'd say heavy
rotation that I saw cuz I watched too
much football ads this weekend Jim it's
a big part of our strategy we believe we
have a huge opportunity to close that
Gap in brand awareness to other National
Brands it's a double digigit meaningful
Gap and that 28% comp we talked about
earlier if we look at our brand
awareness just a couple a year before we
only moved at a few percentage points so
a ton of Runway and so our system sales
are growing at record levels and that's
increasing our national ad fund and
allowing us to show up in a big way on
NFL and chip away at that opportunity
well also I think that you're doing
something that I think the maybe it may
be so voi bear with me but when you go
to a wing stop it doesn't seem to be any
more expensive than it was 5 years ago
you go to a let's say a place where you
get like a happier meal uh and it's like
doubled so what are you how can you get
away with not raising price Jim we've
been very disciplined around pricing and
that's paying dividends today and our
approach to pricing it's one that's
based on a lot of consumer research we
stay close to this consumer understand
how they're feeling how much they're
spending how they're dining out and
we're trying to win our fair share and
we do think this is a very unique
opportunity for winga where consumer
behaviors have clearly shifted they're
not willing to pay up for fast food qsr
food and they're looking for Value but
it's not just the menu price it also has
to do with quality and so when they
learn of Wing Stop and try that cook to
order hands saus and toss chicken wing
we win them every time okay so let's go
over uh the possibility of what you can
do internationally I remember when uh I
had uh Popeye Zone and it turned out
that there are these countries that just
crave our stuff they didn't really know
it they didn't know how to develop it
later on they figured it out this has
got to fly in a lot of different
countries yeah we're in 10 countries
outside of the US today and we're just
getting started there one of our more
mature or established markets is in the
UK Jim where I think a lot of other
brands haven't found success no and Wing
Stop is thriving we're actually at 50
units in that market and we're
generating Aver unit volumes that are in
excess of what we see here in the US and
the unit economics are just as strong
now you have UK operators there I mean
because I would think that the only
people would know how to do this are
Americans that's clearly not true we do
we have a great team in the UK who has
really leaned into our strategy executed
at our Playbook and the brand is
thriving in the UK Market your research
must show that people are also as much
as they love this they're fed up with
the other guys aren't they they're fed
up with the prices that look double what
they were three years ago you can see it
in their behavior and I think you see
you hear a lot of other brands talk
about it and they're being more
Discerning with how they spend those
dining out dollars and we know that if
we deliver on that quality and value
that they're looking for we're going to
continue to win our fair share okay one
last question question is it possible
that the other guys just thought there
was they could charge whatever price
they wanted almost contempt to the
average American it could be because
there was a lot of money that was being
pumped into the economy into the
consumer's bank account and so they
weren't having to be as disciplined as
they are today as inflation has settled
into the levels where it is today and
thankful for Wing Stop we stayed
discipline in our approach to pricing
and we think it's paying dividends yeah
they got to get off their flywheel of
constantly raising price to meet wall
Street's numbers you do the opposite and
that is why your stock down a couple of
bucks from its high it's the first time
I've seen you when it wasn't at the
52-week high so people are getting an
opportunity to buy the stock of Wingstop
I want to thank Michael skipworth
president Co of Wingstop who has done
everything he has ever promised on this
show and more because he offers value
and taste thank you Michael thanks Jim
may have mone's back after the
[Music]
break coming up hit us with your best sh
shot an electrified fast fire lightning
round is
[Music]
next it is time
time then the lighting rounde is over
are you ready ski D over the light round
way we're to start with jym in Florida
Jim Jimmy chill want to start by
thanking you and all your staff for all
the help smart people my staff fantastic
they're wonderful just like you love bar
s Miguel I love the court side of
Pelican marshan Naples uh if just wanted
to get that in but I wanted to ask a
question I got I I um sold my position
in JP Morgan about a year ago okay been
when one get into banking stocks um I
looked at City Group I looked at J
Morgan today and
XLF um is City Group a buy at this point
I'd rather see in JP Morgan all the way
down here that I would in city city has
a 4% yield but I still don't understand
the disparity between the book value and
the actual um stock so I'm going to say
no to City yes to JP let's go to Sam
Pennsylvania Sam Jim before I begin I
would just like to say mo to to my
sister Bailey and her new husband Ben
they got married this weekend so M will
talk to them now anyway
Jim I got a a stock that is not being
covered by analysts and it sits at the
at the integration of data centers Ai
and infrastructure buildout that's I
holding compan okay I know the company
and it's the right spot I'm with Pro and
two pro do Quant I have tell you that
company Jeff kendell's a CEO a very
smart guy that company has come down
with the uh the so-called end of the day
data center data center is not over nor
is that stock let's go to Craig in
Tennessee
Craig Jim great to great to be on your
show man thank you so
I'm interested in I'm interested in
Quantum Computing and what it can do for
AI so I'm looking ahead like I want to
look way ahead like what's IBM up to
these days look IBM is doing quite well
by the way we're playing around with
Watson for uh which is unbelievable when
it comes to ESPN in your league uh I'm
getting to I just get more and more
impressed I know it's as the stock goes
higher but look there's no doubt about
it Arvin Christian is really reinvented
company he's doing a terrific job let's
go to uh Mustafa in Ohio
Mustafa hey hi Jim how are you I am good
how are you buddy good good I acquired
A8 at a share price of around
$50 he has since decreased by 12 should
I add to my position for cost averaging
hold or sell you're going to hold it
that stock the company's not a great
operator I can't put any more I cannot
have you put any more money in that
operator if the stock goes up then you
can be able to get get a chance to sell
let's go to BJ in California
BJ good afternoon Jim and thanks for
your kindness and all the knowledge you
part all the thank you for calling in
forever oh my pleasure listen I have a
quick question sir on the energy sector
I mean where are we going to the end of
the year right now it's well look I
think that right now the stars are
aligned to send uh energy lower which
stock you want to know about I'm deeply
invested in Devon and uh xon mobile okay
Devon is actually cheaper than xon
mobile xon mobile is expensive it only
had yields at 3.4% it's not that much
better than shevron which yields 4.7% uh
but they're both going down this is not
the moment to own oil it is finally
cratering uh because the demand was
never there I didn't understand why it
was up so much let's go to Kieran in
Texas
Kieran hey J good evening my name is
Kieran longterm follow and first time
color thank you for all your advises and
guance we would like to know about a
Alpha materical resources the companies
keep falling down for the last few
months are there any issues or is this a
good time to buy or hold
up um Alpha no I you look metals and
mine we're in a we're in a defl
environment it's not where you want to
be right now I'm sorry and that Ladi
genten conclusion of the lightning
round the lightning round is sponsored
by Charles
Schwab coming up own it don't trade it
but don't stop the homework Kramer on
Apple
[Applause]
next Wall Street doesn't seem too
excited about the launch of Apple iPhone
16 yesterday but let me tell you
something about this product every
iPhone has been panned as a
disappointment on launch other than the
first couple of models every iPhone
supposedly presents only incremental
posits don't even bother reading the
reviews a bust is a bust is a bust
that's what the will tell you every
single time now let me give you my view
which is contained within my own Apple
don't traded ethos and Ethos by the way
it's been dead right for the past 20
years first off as Dan eyes from W bush
advises us there are more than 300
million people who haven't upgraded
their iPhone since the 2020 launch of 5G
given that all three major Wireless
carriers are offering deals on trade-ins
there's no real step up in price from
previous iPhone models at least when you
include the subsidies I like that so
often people forget that a tradein means
two new customers the one that's getting
the new phone and the one getting the
old phone perhaps overse buring Market
maybe Indonesia maybe Brazil Philippines
Vietnam Apple's going like crazy in
those countries it's just that Wall
Street only cares about China any other
country makes some yawn but I say you
yawn you miss you lose second the actual
features sound incremental now but the
short incremental versus a phone from 3
or four years ago let's rip some down
Siri's G from being like a childlike
responder to a more of an adult
companion the new camera so keed the
Instagram Tik Tok real generation brings
the iPhone even closer to the highest
end Standalone cameras which by the way
can cost five times as much as this
handset take a photography class you'll
see there's a slightly bigger screen
with tougher glass for those of us who
have dropped and broken our phones
before best of all we've got longer
battery life I've never met anyone who's
happy with their B phone current battery
life now how about the cment I have
tenus when it acts up I need a hearing
aid to block the noise but I have to
take out my multi thousand hearing aid
when I get a call so I can put in my
airpods about 30 million people have
some sort of hearing difficulty most are
embarrassed to wear hearing age or can't
afford them or both but if you don't
wear them you dramatically increase your
of dementia for people like us the new
airpod hearing aids are a huge game
changer years ago I showed Tim Cook how
important this function could be I'm
sure many others have said similar it's
a great reason for Millions upon
millions of hearing challenge people to
get them the watch the big issue is
charging time all that's going to come
down a great deal second problem is icon
watch face smallness the new watch is
30% larger 30 million people have sleep
apnea but only 6 million are diagnosed
this is a potentially highly
debilitating disease but it's hard to
detect because you can't hear yourself
gasping for breath in your sleep you got
to watch it can detect sleep apnea you
then take an GOP just one and then that
you control it major health advancement
oh yeah and there's this new thing by
the way this Pro it's called Apple
intelligence I yeah little AI action
throw that right in there now as an
apple fishion a I want to point out that
to me all this means a step up and how
many people take apple Services that's
the important Revenue stream because one
day it'll pass the iPhone as the
dominant earning driver the service
Revenue stream is always given short
shrift even as it's becoming a larger
and larger part of the puzzle subscriber
numbers just seem like less exciting
than hardware sales but if you think
about 300 million people phones from
2020 or earlier and say half those
phones get recycled to new customers
you're talking about maybe 450 million
people who might be enticed to subscribe
to Apple's various services or increase
what they subscribe to maybe the moment
they buy the phone that's a huge point
of contact it's a major moment for Apple
to sell these incredibly lucrative
subscriptions now we don't really know
how customers will react to the new
phone it's always been guesswork but
what isn't guesswork is that these
incremental improvements in the inment
are astonishing features to tens maybe
hundreds of millions of people and
that's what keeps you owning and not
trading the stock of Apple one of the
greatest wealth creators of all time I
like to say there's always bu Market
summer I promise not find it just for
you right here on M money I'm Jim Kramer
see you
[Music]
tomorrow all opinions expressed by Jim
Kramer on this podcast are solely
Kramer's opinions and do not reflect the
opinions of CNBC NBC Universal or their
parent company or Affiliates and may
have been previously disseminated by
Kramer on television radio internet or
another medium you should not treat any
opinion expressed by Jim Kramer as a
specific inducement to make a particular
investment or follow a particular
strategy but only as an expression of
his opinion Kramer's opinions are based
upon information he considers reliable
but neither CNBC nor its Affiliates and
or subsidiaries warrant its completeness
or accuracy and it should not be relied
upon as such to view the full Mad Money
disclaimer please visit cnbc.com slad
money disclaimer